chore: dod and acceptance criteria (#913)
MetabolicAtlas/MetabolicAtlas: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/FEATURE_REQUEST.md

---

**Please describe the feature**
<!-- Please fill in the brackets -->
As a [type of user], I want [an action] so that [a benefit/a value].

**Acceptance Criteria**
<!-- What should be done for the issue to be considered completed. Add checklist item(s) and remove examples not applicable -->
- [ ] The documentation is updated accordingly
- [ ] The changes are tested on multiple models and browsers
- [ ] Tests verifying the changes are added

> - [ ] The same data as before is returned by the API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] The API response is the same as before
```

- [ ] The changes does not affect the deployment

> - [ ] The changes does not reduce the performance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] The changes do not reduce the performance
```
